Quiz App with Firebase Authentication

Overview

This is a React-based Quiz application with Firebase integration for user authentication. The app provides a seamless user experience with login, signup, and Google authentication options. Once logged in, users can attempt quizzes, and their session is managed securely through Firebase Authentication.

Features

Core Features

User Authentication: Login, Signup, and Google Sign-In options.

Quiz Functionality: Multiple-choice quizzes with instant feedback.

Logout Functionality: Secure sign-out option for users.

UI Features

Responsive design with inline CSS for custom styling.

Attractive gradient background.

Styled buttons with hover effects.

Technologies Used

Frontend

React: Library for building user interfaces.

Inline CSS: Custom styles for components.

Backend/Services

Firebase Authentication: For managing user authentication.

Installation and Setup
git clone https://github.com/your-username/quiz-app.git
cd quiz-app

Install dependencies
npm install

Configure Firebase:

Create a Firebase project at Firebase Console.

Enable Email/Password and Google Authentication in the Authentication section.

Replace the Firebase configuration in firebase/firebase.js with your project’s configuration.

Start the development server:npm install

Configure Firebase:

Create a Firebase project at Firebase Console.

Enable Email/Password and Google Authentication in the Authentication section.

Replace the Firebase configuration in firebase/firebase.js with your project’s configuration.

Start the development server:
Open the app in your browser at http://localhost:3000.

Usage Instructions
Authentication
Users can log in using their email and password or Google account.
For new users, the signup option is available.
Quiz
After logging in, users are redirected to the quiz interface.
The quiz contains multiple-choice questions with hover effects.
Logout
Users can log out securely using the logout button, which is styled and centrally placed.
Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request for any changes or improvements.

LIVE DEMO:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Wj4ZaSEXIyoOS_oDyA8u79HcLlmFozI1/view?usp=sharing
